Added the EN version of the Benchmark reports (#5255)
pingcap/docs: benchmark/benchmark-sysbench-v5-vs-v4.md

---
title: TiDB Sysbench Performance Test Report - v5.0 vs. v4.0
---

# TiDB Sysbench Performance Test Report -- v5.0 vs. v4.0

## Test purpose

> This test aims at comparing the Sysbench performance of TiDB 5.0 and TiDB 4.0 in the Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test aims at comparing the Sysbench performance of TiDB v5.0 and TiDB v4.0 in the Online Transactional Processing (OLTP) scenario.
```
